README.md, before:

# Build a mobile app with AWS Amplify and Flutter course

## Announcements - Oct 24, 2021

* Course starts on November 1, 2021
* Next Meetup is on Saturday, Oct 30 at 9am and 3pm EST to discuss prerequisites
* Module 0 - Prerequisites - due by midnight on Sunday, October 31, 2021

[Join Discord Server](https://discord.gg/pjEHqRyKUz) to enroll in the course and start learnig.

## This course is for you if
* you would like to learn mobile app development
* you enjoy peer-to-peer learning in a group environment
* you enjoy contributing to open source projects
* you would like to build your network

## Course Information
* anyone can join and learn
* course is running for the first time
* course summaries will be written as we go and published on github
* must complete current module to progress to the next
* weekly meetups 

## Course Modules

### Module 0 - Prerequisites
1. [README-DevENV.md](README-DevENV.md) contains information about the Flutter developemnt environment
1. [AWS Development Environment](https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/guides/setup-environment/) and complete steps 1,2 and 3
1. [Amplify Development Environment](https://docs.amplify.aws/start/getting-started/installation/q/integration/flutter/) and complete prerequites page

### Module 1 - Sample To Do Project
1. Follow [AWS Amplify tutorial](https://docs.amplify.aws/start/getting-started/installation/q/integration/flutter/) to build the ToDo app.
1. [Example App](https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-flutter)

Test on real mobile device, either Android or iPhone.

**Requirements to complete:** 
1. publish your app for others to test
2. receive one peer review for your app
3. give one peer review after testing a peer app

### Module 2 - Set up multiuser project
Set up [user authentication with AWS Cognito and Amplify](https://docs.amplify.aws/lib/auth/getting-started/q/platform/flutter/) for your app.

Test on real mobile device, either Android or iPhone.

**Requirements to complete:** 
1. publish your app for others to test
2. receive one peer reviews for your app
3. give one peer review after testing a peer app

### Module 3 - Build an app for API data
Develop an app as a team using data from an API, test and publish the app

**Requirements to complete:** 
1. Launch the app on a real mobile device

### Module 4 - Deploy your own app
Develop an app as an individual or as a team, test and publish the app

**Requirements to complete**
1. Create a public portfolio site that includes
* App source code
* App demo recording
* One peer review given by you for a peer course project 

## Inspired by
* [AWS Community Builders Program](https://aws.amazon.com/developer/community/community-builders/)
* [BlockDevsUnited NFT Course](https://github.com/BlockDevsUnited/NFT-COURSE)
* [Open Education Resources at eClampus Ontario](https://openlibrary.ecampusontario.ca/create/)

Commit message:

added announcements for module 1 todo app

README.md, after:

# Build a mobile app with AWS Amplify and Flutter course

## Announcements - October 31, 2021
[Join The Course Discord Server](https://discord.gg/pjEHqRyKUz) and start learnig.

* Requirements for [Module 1 - Sample To Do Project](Module-1---Sample-To-Do-Project) are posted and due on Sunday, Nov 7, 2021 at midnight.
* There weekly hands-on sessions are on Saturday, Nov 6, 2021 at 9am EST and 3pm EST in the course discord server.
* Ask questions, share learning resources and help others to learn. 

[Past Announcements](README-announcements.md)

## This course is for you if
* you would like to learn mobile app development
* you enjoy peer-to-peer learning in a group environment
* you enjoy contributing to open source projects
* you would like to build your network

## Course Information
* anyone can join and learn
* course is running for the first time
* course summaries will be written as we go and published on github
* must complete current module to progress to the next
* weekly meetups 

## Course Modules

### Module 0 - Prerequisites
1. [README-DevENV.md](README-DevENV.md) contains information about the Flutter developemnt environment
1. [AWS Development Environment](https://aws.amazon.com/getting-started/guides/setup-environment/) and complete steps 1,2 and 3
1. [Amplify Development Environment](https://docs.amplify.aws/start/getting-started/installation/q/integration/flutter/) and complete prerequites page

### Module 1 - Sample To Do Project with AWS Amplify datastore

**Requirements to complete:** 

1. Follow [AWS Amplify tutorial](https://docs.amplify.aws/start/getting-started/installation/q/integration/flutter/) to build the sample ToDo app that uses AWS Amplify datastore. Then customize your app by changing the app title and color theme. Optionally, you can add more features to your app as you wish.
1. Check-in your code with instructions of how to compile it in your GitHub Portfolio folder.
1. Post the URL for your app code in the course Discord channel [m1-todo-app](https://discord.gg/NcZGzgxB and write that you would like to receive a peer review.
1. Look for posts from other course participants who would like to receive peer reviews and give at least one peer review. **Plase remember to give positive feedback that helps (not hurts) and motivates learning.**

**Additional Resources:**

1. [AWS Amplify Flutter Datastore Starter](https://github.com/cshfang/amplify-flutter-datastore-starter/tree/main/amplified_todo) github repo for the tutorial inthe requirements
1. [AWS Amplify and Flutter](https://github.com/aws-amplify/amplify-flutter) github repo by Dillon Nys
1. [Todo App with Flutter Using AWS Amplify and BLoC | Day 18 and 19](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WJKKEZu_xnY) by Kilo Loco in [#20DaysOfFlutter](https://www.youtube.com/hashtag/30daysofflutter) 

### Module 2 - Set up multiuser project
Set up [user authentication with AWS Cognito and Amplify](https://docs.amplify.aws/lib/auth/getting-started/q/platform/flutter/) for your app.

Test on real mobile device, either Android or iPhone.

**Requirements to complete:** 
1. publish your app for others to test
2. receive one peer reviews for your app
3. give one peer review after testing a peer app

### Module 3 - Build an app for API data
Develop an app as a team using data from an API, test and publish the app

**Requirements to complete:** 
1. Launch the app on a real mobile device

### Module 4 - Deploy your own app
Develop an app as an individual or as a team, test and publish the app

**Requirements to complete**
1. Create a public portfolio site that includes
* App source code
* App demo recording
* One peer review given by you for a peer course project 

## Inspired by
* [AWS Community Builders Program](https://aws.amazon.com/developer/community/community-builders/)
* [BlockDevsUnited NFT Course](https://github.com/BlockDevsUnited/NFT-COURSE)
* [Open Education Resources at eClampus Ontario](https://openlibrary.ecampusontario.ca/create/)
